Add new topics (conditionally change a band's visibility and reorder table cells) (#7)
VeraGorbyliova/dotnet-eud: interface-elements-for-web/articles/report-designer/use-report-elements/use-tables/manipulate-table-elements.md

![](../../../../images/eurd-web-table-control-distribute-columns-evenly.png)

## Reorder Table Cells

> In [Report Explorer](../../report-designer-tools/ui-panels/report-explorer.md) you can change the order of table cells. Select a cell and drag it to a new position.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can change table cells' order in the [Report Explorer](../../report-designer-tools/ui-panels/report-explorer.md). To do this, select a cell and drag it to a new position.
```

![](../../../../images/eurd-web-table-cells-report-explorer.png)

 During the drag-and-drop operation, the dragged and focused cells are swapped. 

 ![](../../../../images/eurd-web-table-dragged-cells-at-report-explorer.png)  

 ![](../../../../images/eurd-web-table-dragged-cells-at-report.png)  
 
 - The green light indicates where the cell can be dropped. 

    ![](../../../../images/eurd-web-table-green-light.png)  
 
 - The red light indicates where the cell can't be dropped.

    ![](../../../../images/eurd-web-table-cells-red-light.png) 

## Stretch Table Cells

> You can stretch a cell so that it occupies several rows and columns. To stretch a cell across several columns, remove a neighboring cell by pressing DELETE or selecting the **Delete Cell** command in the **Action** category.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can stretch a cell to occupy several rows and columns. To stretch a cell across several columns, press DELETE or select the **Delete Cell** command in the **Action** category to remove a neighboring cell.
```
